wait til you're announced we've not yet
lost all our graces the house will stay
in shape look upon you greatness as you
say Disneynature invites you to meet
Maya and her very curious newborn Kip
their playful
adventurous and facing the world
together but now unexpected trouble will
put them in danger and Maya and her
family will need a new place to call
home this earth day joined their brave
journey from the real jungle to the
urban jungle
and discover no matter where you live
what makes somewhere home is family if I
was king of Oh disney nature's monkey
Kingdom see monkey Kingdom opening week
and Disney nature will make a donation
in your honor to Conservation
International to help protect monkeys
and other endangered species in their
natural habitats dropping into theaters
this Earth Day